drafts management 01 (#130)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/GettingStarted.rst

|image172|

Drafts management
-----------------

> When you start writing an article, a draft is automatically saved every second. 

Reviewer: A draft is saved only when an update is done in the form, not every second.

The information about the saving status is displayed in the simple and the complete form :

|image173| |image174|
|image175| |image176|

> You can access to your drafts from the creation complete form. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access to your drafts from the complete creation form. 
```

A draft button is displayed indicating the number of drafts available for the space in which you are writing the article. 

|image177|

> To view all the drafts, click on the button. A drawer is displayed with the different drafts and allows either to resume or delete each draft using the appropriate icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view all the drafts, click on the button. A drawer is displayed with the list of drafts and allows either to resume or delete each draft using the appropriate button.
```
